Appendix Effort (#208)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F12-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

2. _{ more test cases …​ }_

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## **Appendix: Effort**

* The project required a significant amount of effort and focus to implement the new features. 

> * There were some challenges along the way when we did not know how to implement a specific feature such as filter and sort.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There were some challenges along the way when we did not know how to implement specific features such as filter and sort.<br>
```

> * It was also quite challenging to add attributes such as exams, submissions, and attendance and representing them in the GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It was also quite challenging to add new attributes and represent them as tables in the GUI, such as exams, submissions, and attendance.
```

> * While AB3 deals with simple attributes of people, we had some attributes that were more complex and needed to store more data than usual just for a single student.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While AB3 deals with simple attributes of a person, we had to include attributes that were more complex and tailored for our application use and needs, thus requiring us to store more non-trivial data for every student.
```
